# MON Scraper

MON scraper is a script written in Python with the use of the Selenium library, developed with the sole purpose of obtaining the results from https://infopriem.mon.bg and 
notifying you by email (current version relies on SMTP with Gmail). I did this because most of the time when these results
come out, the website soon begins crashing. MON has no email notification of their own. This script makes sure that as soon as the results are out, you'll be one
of the first to get them. ReCaptcha is not a problem as we initialize a log out only when the token expires(default reset time is set to 55 minutes).


## Prerequisites
* Python 3.5+ (tested and developed on 3.12)
* Pip 3
* Linux / MacOS / Windows


## Installation of packages

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage
The necessary code is already present in the main.py file:
```python
import_from_env()
driver_el = init_driver()
scheduler(driver_el, USERNAME, PASSWORD)
```
You may choose to modify the default constants in main.py if you're seeking faster/slower checking intervals.
You don't need to fill out the USERNAME and PASSWORD there as long as you fill out the .env file.

Make sure to fill out the .env file. Here's an example one:
```ini
USERNAME="1234567"
PASSWORD_USER="password123"
SUBJECT="Промяна в сайта на МОН"
SENDER="example@gmail.com"
RECIPIENT="example2@gmail.com"
PASSWORD_EMAIL="j213q l123p fsgk qtc7"
```
The USERNAME and PASSWORD_USER correspond to those which you use to sign into 
infopriem.mon.bg

The password given must correspond to the account in SENDER.

**Notice that the PASSWORD_EMAIL field must use a password generated by Google App Passwords for it to work. 
Your account's credentials WON'T work.**

## 🌟 Leave a star 🌟
If you find MON Scraper helpful, consider giving it a 🌟 to show your appreciation.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome.

